yo people welcome to this new one
episode of
road to glory ' yannick don't go
further in the division because like you
maybe still remembers
I had the last episode there
just to the vision one and so i there
of the cup playing with the cda 10 stomach
the team really only aos wells
dig with them because they both walked through
gases must have become how much
little fitness have a book in the
first round of the cup against this
dude I don't know what they do about this
they did not cup to you had a dutch
name with an ajax logo this is all
have been the Netherlands but he is
just ef times from the beginning so it
x coron is five times and if you have ambition
fine from those five times I go nothing
do more and then love it i will give you
they all see youngsters not fascinating
but what I want to talk about
have or die that I am you
really thank you for the supporters
the support given to the latter
episode of road to glory '
where i let myself say the vision one won
I got them from 24 likes and then really
never met and region before
comment thick good domus go with
this so i thought i really liked it
to see
and that's why I probably go too
just continue with this series but I have to
just have the goal because alone
But that vision a play you go boring
be but I just need a brother
do that I have to build a team countries
its just the korean to build or
Blaman is that I am way too expensive now or
now that is always way too expensive
but might be fun to do
that i just have very bass then i have
achieve a goal when I have l'oréal
if i also manchester your by and me
I don't know what to do , he needs to
say we put in the comment we put
which you must also build
that's good, I think even if it is
way too expensive and the series online none
as maybe fun to do
and if I don't get it or
not I start I'll get
over and I decide it myself than
I will do that but if you like you now
is watching so I think of marco van
just put a team in my headscarf on it
voted with you can be real or
one of three or sober I want this for you
voice is the very many names say
but okay
the first was it was won by five
zero I believe it finally yes five zero
from a newbie details lyft of death
I don't know and then it is again
time for my league bbva team to
play and the team simply says good or
no yes i just think yes just fine
team is just enjoying the answers
playing along starts really against one
top team a and then have to mesh
also with a series yes team that tights
no more two days for Italians or something
a bit comparable masseria team
only the
he was slightly better but she is Jewish
were not that special because I am going
you through with many created first
good dribbling could very well shot and this
is not his first goal this
game over but also for sitting
what a gay statement is that
No because this is playing again by very
it a nice finish the short corner and
I think that short Google says so
wonderful how you roll that with you I know
not what it is but I from everyone
those short angle goals like them
that have been used over power
when many lose out
here to one of martine's unfortunately
in which the non in mavela gets up again
the good in the right place to finish it off
and shoot the 303 and yes
a lot of you is just really a beer this one
match that was you again by one
on the right there is all the way
no one to stop him and out of the
two balls loose and he is completely free
frame all over to shoot and then
is of course not going to miss because this one
and that is ultimately the
end position of this west I am m40
good win in the cup and I have
survived the second round
very simple so actually i am here
had no opposition yet like you
looks had summer rory card and four
goals for many abbey's parents
but because such a can have a bad hangover
I not again with the tar teams
play so then i want to join me at seria 10
play in the next round and the half
you always know one in the final
good opponent and masseria
team is not that special team
I was really hoping for that opponent
will fall in terms of you to the evil team
Really not that much castiel's hope
I actually more
and jealousy the latest contract orders
that I really hope I win the cup
to get a package again with
extra contracts in it and like you do now
sees the i have i come against a pc
whore a lot of p's and this episode
is a stop word I think like you now
but yes, every episode I have one
other bag itself very nice and
I got a lot of opportunities in the opening phase here
again ginkel ipod and then not like that
smart of me with forms to be finished in this way
they faster goalkeeper but not evening
been peeling a little bit here
with a mineral so that I have a bit
space around the cracks the ball arrives
vidal and the market of which i
shit ugly Maria counting
of course also and that we yes that
martin yeah actually it doesn't matter me
just an empty cup an also came and
after that it was actually just his
game was just clara was walking around
do it in the back and the ball reaches your el
Shaarawy and another delicious one
down post finish wonderfully in it then rolls
ie if the do and I do not know I
've said it to where I'm from
nice to see
almost always go to the schie de go
soon also nowadays because they are going
always in it
and he you actually had ahadith
been given to me, I think it
did not like it more he he
rather a bit early at 200 either
much to bring in or so on
the last match of this
episode so what's a little yes one
short episode of my do i do
always long to have me
make something shorter normally but that
body actually not on one or another
way but a short episode
if you or i would i would say late
just a team behind that may make
I mean just a team by a spacious one
club long say that I have to make
or a country is also possible but I think so
less fun to do I like and more
then yes then this episode is affelen
walk boys and then I talk to you
later on
see you later guests